To convert an HTML, CSS, and JavaScript app into a native iPad application,
the standard industry approach is to use Capacitor JS. This modern framework
wraps your existing web files into a native iOS container using a high-performance
WebView.

Prerequisites

Before starting, ensure your system has the following

requirements:

A Mac computer running macOS.Xcode

installed from the Mac App

Store.Node.js
installed on your machine.Your existing

web application code organized with an entry
file named index.html.

1. Initialize Your ProjectOpen your terminal application and
navigate directly to your web project's root folder to configure your package
management environment.

bash

cd /path/to/your/web-app

npm init -y

Use code with caution.

2. Install Capacitor PackagesDownload and install the
core Capacitor command-line tools along with the native iOS platform
dependencies.

bash

npm install @capacitor/core @capacitor/cli
npm install @capacitor/ios

Use code with caution.

3.
Configure the Mobile ApplicationInitialize the Capacitor configuration settings.

The command line interface will prompt you to enter your official app
name and a unique bundle ID (e.g., com.yourcompany.myapp).

bash

npx cap init

Use code with caution.

Note: Open the newly created

capacitor.config.json file

and verify that the webDir parameter matches the exact name of the

folder containing your production HTML, CSS, and JS files (such as www, dist, or public).

4. Add the iOS Deployment Platform

Inject the
native iOS wrapper structures into your local
project setup.

bash

npx cap add ios

Use code with caution.


5. Sync Your Web AssetsExport your latest web files directly into the native iOS build
environment. Run this build sync tool every time you update your HTML or
JavaScript code.

bash

npx cap sync

Use code with caution.

6. Build and Test in XcodeLaunch the generated
native workspace within Apple's integrated
development environment.

bash

npx cap open ios

Use code with caution.

Wait for Xcode to open your application
project automatically.Locate the top toolbar device menu and
select an active iPad Simulator target

(e.g., iPad Pro).Click the Play / Run button located
in the upper-left corner to compile and launch your app
inside the simulated environment.
